Introductcion
Recently, several high profile projects have gone live with Custom Apps and DDX bricks which bring a whole new set of governance and maintenance questions and concerns, to say nothing of the recent release of App Studio.

We are bringing Noah Finberg to London to conduct workshops and brainstorming / solution design sessions on how we might leverage CodeEngine, Workflows, Custom Apps and App Studio in our environment.

⚠️EDIT - As of 5/14 - App Studio will not be integrated with Publish and Sandbox until mid summer – therefore it is not recommended for use at this time.

✏️ We are looking for feedback on how we can better meet your needs with these sessions, leave a comment under Additional Questions For You

📅 If you would like to workshop a problem with DPT Staff or Domo Engineers sign up for a Solutioning Session on Thurs or Friday.
Tentative Agenda
Notes from Users:
Preferably before 30th (Jordan Atkins)

Wednesday - 29
Afternoon - S1 Instance Automation with CodeEngine (add a user to a group)

Objectives
Learn how to implement CodeEngine functions and build basic Workflows
Understand correct way to pass authentication in CodeEngine

Open Question
can we use SUDO to handle modify group membership?

Thursday - 30
Morning - S2: Basic Personalization using DDX & Datasets (landing page)
“You have access to 100 dashboards, how do you see the ‘most important ones’ given that “most important” varies per user and can change based on time of year // a new incident.
Content shared with names to assets whose URL can change (because publish)

Objectives
Learn how to build a basic app using Vanilla JS that integrates with Domo Infrastructure (reads datasets)
Understand how we can leverage standard Domo Functionality (cards, datasets, dashboards, appdb) to break larger app projects into smaller / reusable components

Open Questions
Can you dynamically restructure a dashboard?
Can you pass filters into an embed link (an dashboard in an iframe)
Afternoon- S3: App + CodeEngine
Build an app for Content Managers to share & Manage Content access (using code engine and group sharing)

Objectives
Learn how to create and host human-in-the-loop experiences in Domo

Open Questions
How might I redesign this if I were using App Studio?

Solutioning / Workshops / Office Hours

Friday - 31
Morning - Solutioning / Workshops / Office Hours

Overarching Themes
How does whatever you’re building deploy in a cross-instance (from dev to prod) setting?
What happens if i publish multiple instances of a card that should point to the same appdb collection
Keep in mind most users are not ‘admins’

Additional Topics to Consider:
CodeEngine and Workflows
Call “undocumented” APIs from DDX/Custom Apps
Use service account (impersonalization)
AppDB usage for configuration storage

Office Hours / Solutioning Session SignUp
If you have a known need and would like to discuss name request Domo Engineering resources, post here so we can try to have them join from the States.

Additional Questions for You:
Would you like to participate in conversations around platform governance?
On "best practices", documentation, facilitating project launch, maintenance and governance issues, platform usage, and responsibilities? Preferred Dates, Timing.

Links
<<Autogenerated 5/13/2024 4:59:39 PM do not modify>>

Slack - DSOAE-DDE team slack
Google Doc - F3 || Noah in London
